Not to mention that you are a big smart machine
The mobile phone will come out in two years.
Who still buys your BP machine?
What is a cell phone?
The big brother mobile phone is
Say
It's a communication tool used in developed cities today.
Hey, you listen to me anyway
Don't sell this store.
If the store doesn't sell, you can pay for the loss.
OK.
You give me a chance for a few months
I promise to bring this store back to life
Whether to turn it around or not
I'm busy.
No time to listen to pussy bragging here
No transfer, please pay the fee.
Wasting my time
Hey, boss Liu Liu
What is Jiang Lili going to do?
Brother Lin An, why are you fooling around with me?
Jiang Lili, you'd better tell me what you want to do
This material is really good
They don't buy it?
They don't know the goods.
This store was left to me by my parents
But I don't know how to sell clothes
I thought it was the poor quality at first.
So I went to the coastal city on purpose last month
A batch of new materials has arrived.
But there aren't that many.
The unit price is high, but the sample hand is not good-looking.
Who would like to buy it?
Don't pretend you know.
You've never even touched such a fine fabric
I still want to sell clothes
This dress
I don't like it at all
Not only do you dislike me, but you also want a low-price promotion.
What? Are you crazy?
Do you know how much this dress is worth?
Brother, trust me.
I am your greatest asset